Previously on Homeland...
It's beautiful, huh?
It's a testing chamber.
It measures and records
the efficiency of the sarin.
We'll each have one of these
just in case.
Atropine limits the effects
of the gas.
Qasim, the blood
will be on your hands.
The blood of women
and children.
Whatever happens,
it's Allah's will.
Maybe it's Allah's will
that you stop this.
Run.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
She wanted me dead.
Anything to stop me
from getting a look
at those hacked documents.
Anything to keep
from being exposed
for what she truly is.
If Allison Carr is
a Russian agent,
you've got as much
to lose as we do.
Arguably more.
Aim is to deliver
proof of her treason.
Well, the BND is not gonna
humor us much longer.
If we don't drive her
into the arms of her handler,
and soon,
all bets are off.
She's on the move.
- Look.
- Who's that?
It's Ivan Krupin,
SVR Berlin Station Chief.
Send in the arrest teams now.
We're done, Allison.
We fucking lost.
No, we have not.
Now, listen to me
very carefully.
They just brought her in.
She's in Interrogation 2.
Who do you think
I've been getting my intel
about troop escalation
in Eastern Ukraine from?
It's been Ivan all along.
He was my Joe for 12 years, Dar.
Sync and corrections by n17t01
www.addic7ed.com
Christ, I really thought
I left all this behind.
The Islamic State
ISIS proclaimed itself
to be a worldwide caliphate
with authority over...
...redraw the map
in the Middle East.
The soldiers are
hackers, the battlefield is online,
and it's not a matter of...
Edward Snowden is a coward.
...extremely disappointed
that the Russian government
would take this step.
It's against the law,
it's against the fucking law.
All that suffering,
and nothing changes.
Is our strategy working?
I actually convinced myself
we were gonna change the world.
Carrie will never be free.
Spend my life on
the run, give up my daughter?
I don't know how
you live with yourself.
I will fight you forever.
Who's after me?
So many people,
so much blood on your hands.
Homeland - 5x10
"New Normal"
She's lying, clearly.
Is she?
You don't run
to a Russian safe house
to bring your Russian agent
in from the cold.
I'm not sure there's a rule book
one is obliged to follow.
It defies logic.
She sabotaged your
Syrian operation, Dar.
What more do you want?
Proof.
Well, how else
do you explain Lebanon?
The ambush of Peter Quinn?
The disappearance
of Ahmed Nazari?
I can't, but the fact is
Ivan Krupin's in the next room,
and he's singing
like a songbird.
He's not a defector!
We fabricated that story
to flush Allison out!
I get that.
But she's telling
a different story.
One I can't just dismiss
out of hand.
It's a Hail Mary.
She's been
a highly effective officer
for over 20 years, Carrie.
Her intelligence product's been
nothing short of spectacular.
Yeah, of course it has.
Carefully curated
by Moscow Center
to do minimum damage
to Russian interests
and have maximum value
advancing her career.
Look, you've made your point.
But your part
in this play is over.
You need to go.
Saul?
I'll call you.
You're excused.
Why so quiet?
What are you thinking?
I'm thinking
she owned us, Dar.
Allison did.
Maybe so.
But you should know something.
Ivan Krupin's
just confirmed
what you've been
saying all along.
That it  was the SVR
who brought down
General Youssef's plane.
It looks like you and Etai
are off the hook.
Fuck me.
A win is a win, Saul.
Maybe you should
just accept it.
There's a political
consideration as well.
A Russian penetration
at this level
would be a scandal
from which the Agency
might never recover.
I'm aware.
It's not like she gets
to keep her station here.
No, we send her back to Langley.
Turn the investigation over
to counterintelligence.
I want one more shot
at her first.
The damage is
done, Saul.
We can't change
what's happened,
but we can contain it.
I mean it, Dar.
She took me around the block.
If I can get
her to confess,
maybe we can run her back
against the Russians.
I don't have
a problem with that.
You don't buy
her story, do you?
Not for one second.
Someone was thinking fast
on her feet.
Is she gonna get
away with it?
It's out of my hands.
If she weren't so bloodless,
you'd really have to
take your hat off to her.
Or your wig, as
the case may be.
Yeah. At least I won't be
wearing that anymore.
Now I have to figure out
what happened to Quinn.
What do you mean?
I thought he was with you.
He was.
And then he wasn't.
How seriously
was he hurt?
Pretty seriously.
And he refused to go
to a hospital.
When was this?
Uh, nine days ago.
Nine days?
There's no record of him
at any emergency room
or morgue.
He just disappeared.
What was his last location?
An old garage at the corner
of Ritterstrae and Forster,
near Gorlitzer Park.
I'll back-check security
cameras in the area.
Thank you.
_
So?
So.
I have some questions.
Fire away.
Should we sit?
I'd rather stand.
You seem angry, Allison.
Shouldn't I be the angry one?
I'm the aggrieved party here.
Then again,
you're angry by nature.
One of the angriest men
I've ever known, actually.
Is that right?
It's one of the things that
made me curious about you.
All that rage.
You told Dar Adal you recruited
Ivan Krupin in Iraq?
I did.
Care to explain
how a junior officer
fails to report the recruitment
of a major asset up the chain?
I did report it.
Of course I did.
To?
Deputy Director Estes,
Baghdad Station's
immediate supervisor.
David Estes?
Yes, David Estes.
Who happens to be dead.
Conveniently killed
in the 12/12 bombing at Langley.
"Conveniently"-- I doubt
he'd share that assessment.
What'd he do
with the information?
No idea.
We did discuss the string
of operational losses
the Agency had suffered
at that point,
so we decided
to keep the circle small.
Very small, apparently.
Just you and him?
I wouldn't know. I assume so.
Either way, it would've
been his call.
After his death, uh,
you told no one else about it?
Source protection.
Ivan was
understandably paranoid.
So I attributed his intel
to my other assets
in Eastern Europe.
That's it?
That was easy.
Oh, I'm not done.
- No?
- No.
And I guarantee you this.
Not one thing about your life
from this moment forward
will be easy.
I will personally see to that.
You tried to have Carrie killed.
Nonsense.
She was your friend, Allison.
You were my friend.
More than that.
Those butchered agents
in Cairo...
that was yours, too, wasn't it?
What about Drew Sanders,
your Kiev deputy?
What'd he do to deserve
a bullet in the face
at extremely close range?
Tell me, goddamn it.
- Or what, Saul?
- He had a wife
and three kids,
for Christ's sake.
Yeah, and guess what, I'm
still in touch with them.
I'm godmother to their
youngest, Kylie...
Stop! Bullshit! Bullshit!
You betrayed them all!
And then you found
others to betray!
All those networks rolled up!
All those good people blown!
What do you think
happened to them?!
What the fuck
you think happened?!
You are a fucking sociopath!
Jesus Christ, Saul!
Put him in an office
and sit on him!
You okay?
I think so.
Can we get a doctor
in here, please?!
_
Jonas, he's here!
Sorry, Otto,
I didn't know.
That's okay.
Who is here?
Faisal Marwan.
One of the prisoners
released from Plotzensee prison.
We've been trying
to convince him
to bring a civil suit
against the government.
He owned an electronics store.
Sold cell phones
to his neighbors,
some of whom
made calls to Syria,
some of which were
intercepted by the CIA.
Next thing you know,
he's a terrorist mastermind
supplying communications
equipment to a jihadi network.
Let's take his deposition
in the large conference room.
I got to warn you,
he's nervous as hell.
Well, he lost three
years of his life.
Plus his
business and his home.
Injustice, misery.
What journalist could resist?
I promised him the Foundation
would cover his legal fees,
help with living expenses,
medical bills.
That okay?
That's totally okay.
Let me know how it goes.
That's everything
that happened to me,
until I heard on the news
that it was the spies
who had broken the law,
not me,
and that I was free.
Free, but with nothing.
Everything I had made
in my life was gone.
So now,
after all you've told us,
how do you feel about Germany?
I was a good citizen.
I paid my taxes
and obeyed the laws.
I kept my side of the bargain.
Germany didn't.
Thank you.
This is the deposition
of Faisal Marwan,
given at
the During Foundation.
- That was great, Faisal.
- Mm-hmm, yeah.
The first step in making sure
what happened to you
never happens
to anyone else ever again.
Give us a moment.
Is it enough?
Will we win?
Absolutely.
The evidence the authorities
used to arrest you
was illegally obtained.
That's why your conviction
was overturned.
You have every right
to sue for damages now.
We have what we need,
but obviously,
the government's lawyers
will want a chance to respond.
What do you mean?
Well, they will want
to question you, too.
And it could get hostile.
For example, they could ask
if you are a radical.
Or how many
radical Islamists you know.
None.
23 people
with jihadi connections
bought phones or-or SIM cards
in your store.
Some multiple times.
This man, um...
Hajik Zayd,
bought phones from you
on five separate occasions.
You're sure
you don't know him?
I heard his name, that's all.
And you were
in prison with him.
So?
I don't know him.
I don't talk to him.
Knowing someone because
you're locked up with them
isn't a crime,
but trying to hide it
makes you look bad.
Okay.
I know Hajik.
Did you hang out
with him in prison?
There are cameras
all over Plotzensee, Faisal.
The government
already knows the answer.
Okay.
Sometimes I was with him
and the other guys,
but for protection only.
And did you hear anyone
talk about jihad?
About Syria?
About operations?
People talk about
Syria all the time.
They talk about the caliphate,
about Assad, about...
I hear, but I
don't listen.
Nothing else?
Once, I overheard
about an attack in Berlin,
but mostly it was Syria.
What sort of attack?
I don't know!
No, this is
important, Faisal.
When?
A few months, maybe a year ago.
No, when did they say
this-this attack would happen?
I don't know!
Maybe it wasn't Berlin.
Maybe just big talk.
Mm-hmm.
Wh-what is it?
Will this hurt my case?
No.
Because you told us about it.
Say the truth, please.
She's right.
Now that we know,
we can deal with it.
Your case is still strong.
I want to go home.
- Of course.
- Sure.
Let me arrange a ride.
Faisal.
Thank you.
Gunther will drive you home.
Please call me
if you need anything.
We'll be in
touch very soon.
I promise.
Look, it was
jailhouse chatter.
- Meaningless.
- An attack in Berlin?
We can't just sit on that.
What are you suggesting?
We turn him back over
to the Federal Police?
- What are you suggesting?
- I don't know.
Well...
Not that.
Is Otto still here?
He's on a plane to Munich.
Back in the morning.
So we'll talk to him tomorrow.
All right.
_
...were ravaged
by the Post-World War One
architects of the Middle East,
who tore apart the Khilafah
and made it into countries
ruled by man-made laws.
Our demands are simple.
Erase these borders
from the maps,
remove them from our hearts,
so that Muslims can
once again live freely
in their lands.
So that by Allah's good grace,
his word can
once again be highest.
We give the UN
Security Council 24 hours
to recognize the legitimacy
of our Islamic State.
Otherwise, a terrible justice
will be unleashed
on a European city.
Many will die by an invisible
and merciless poison.
See for yourselves.
May we have
the room, please?
You've seen the video?
Unbelievable.
Any downside in telling
the Germans it's Peter Quinn?
None that I can see.
They'll find out
soon enough.
Come on, then.
Catch us up.
We're coordinating
with the Federal Police
to secure likely targets--
airports,
train and bus stations,
major public buildings,
including synagogues
and church community centers.
What about watch lists?
High priority individuals
are being rounded up.
But with the timeframe,
we're not very optimistic.
To my ears, the 24 hours
sounded like a soft deadline.
We can hope, but we have
to prepare for the worst.
Meanwhile, we're analyzing
the video for clues
as to where and when
it was made.
We might be able
to help with that.
Please.
The victim is one of ours.
Last time I
heard from him,
he'd penetrated a terrorist
cell here in Berlin.
You might have said something.
I'm saying it now.
What he reported was a group of
jihadis on their way to Syria.
The leader had an
uncle there, he said,
high up in the
power structure--
Abu Al-Qaduli.
The deputy emir?
Which means our masked man
might be his nephew.
You get that?
Got it.
One more thing.
Your Station Chief
is asking to see you.
Stay here.
You wanted to see me?
The doctor told me
what's going on.
The gas in the video--
was it sarin?
It's not confirmed,
but one would assume so, yes.
- Why?
- I had a thought.
So far, they've killed
only one man with the gas.
Who's to say they have enough
for a mass casualty attack?
At the very least,
it's a question
we should know the answer to.
Allison says
you're knowledgeable
about Syria's
chemical weapon stockpile.
I, um...
might know
something about it, yes.
Ivan helped draft
the framework agreement between
Russia and the United States
to eliminate those weapons.
Everything Assad declared--
over 1,300 tons
of lethal material--
was removed and destroyed.
However,
Assad did manage to hold back
some of his stockpile
in the declaration process,
did he not?
Inevitably.
Is there a scenario
in which you could imagine
Islamic State fighters
getting their hands
on any of it?
The Islamic State
is threatening
to hit a European city.
We need to know if they can
deliver on that threat.
Six months ago,
the garrison at Taqba Air Base
in Northern Syria was overrun.
Our intelligence
confirmed chemical agents
were being stored there.
What type of
chemical agents?
Drums of
methyl difluorophosphite.
The volatile component of sarin.
How many drums?
Half a dozen.
At least.
If they have even
one drum of the stuff,
an attack here is gonna
make Tokyo look like
a rehearsal
for the real thing.
Am I under arrest?
It's something of an open
question at the moment.
Not according to Saul,
it isn't.
I'm sure he regrets
what happened.
Listen, Dar, I'm not
asking you to believe me,
not yet anyway,
but you don't want me
on the sidelines, not now.
- Allison...
- I'm not what Saul says.
But even if I were, nobody
wants to see another Paris.
Give me a babysitter.
Put a lojack on my ass.
I don't care.
This is my backyard, Dar.
I can help stop this thing.
_
You seem anxious.
Aren't you?
You're talking as if
the attack is certain.
These governments
might give in.
But they won't.
They can't. Not now.
They'll posture and rant
about how evil we are
and try to retaliate.
Then wh-why bother
with all this?
So that their people
can blame them
for what's about to happen.
They might not listen
to us this time,
or the next,
but the time after that,
sooner than they think,
they will realize
that denying us
will cost them more
than they're willing to pay.
_
Danke.
Saul.
What the hell?
Quinn.
I know. Awful.
Who is this group?
Do we know?
A Berlin cell.
Some released from
Plotzensee prison, apparently.
Quinn fell in
with them.
Fell in? How?
No idea.
It doesn't make any sense.
He was in no shape
to go anywhere.
Well, Dar's the one
who saw him last.
And-and the video--
when was it made?
It wasn't
a live broadcast, so...
best guess, sometime
in the last few days.
We're in the process
of analyzing it.
I need to see it.
And not just
the sanitized version
they're showing on TV.
- Carrie...
- From beginning to end.
He could be signaling.
I knew him. I might...
I might notice something.
Could use the help.
I want these motherfuckers
stopped, same as you.
All right.
We'll talk later.
Where are you going?
- All hands on deck.
- Does that include Allison?
I just saw her leave
with Dar Adal.
Afraid so.
Jesus Christ, Saul!
Tell me about it.
Come on, let's go.
You're ready?
It's pretty rough.
Wait, go back.
There-there's, um...
some kind of floor tiles.
Yeah.
We're on it already.
Oh, God.
Okay, again.
_
Saul, what's the best way
to get a private message
to Al-Baghdadi?
I'm not sure we have a way.
And even if we did,
what would we say?
Don't fuck with us.
Or what?
Our only leverage
is boots on the ground;
there's no bigger proponent
of an American invasion
than the Islamic State itself.
It could be argued that
that's what they want here,
to draw us into another
hot war in the Middle East.
Listen, Joe, it's unrealistic
to think we're going to have
actionable intelligence
by the 5:00 deadline.
Can the President
buy us some time
with the
Security Council?
It's doubtful.
He's on the phone now
with the Chancellor
and the British Prime Minister.
They are not in
an appeasing mood.
A joint statement is scheduled
for 9:00 AM your time.
Are they planning
to identify
Berlin as the likely target?
No, they are not.
Joe, we should be
warning people here.
We haven't faced anything
on this scale since 9/11.
The idea was raised
and rejected.
Why?
You know why.
We can't give
these assholes license
to send our cities into mass
panic anytime they feel like it.
It's the new normal, gentlemen.
The BND just
identified a nephew
of Abu Al-Qaduli
living in Germany.
His name's Bibi Hamed.
32 years old.
Born in Hamburg to
Syrian immigrants.
- Where is he now?
- Unclear.
Apparently, Deutsche Telecom
is reporting
his cell service has been
discontinued for over a year.
- Gone to ground?
- Looks that way.
The Federal Police
are feeding his photo
into their CCTV
facial recognition system.
Yeah, fingers crossed.
Yeah. Meanwhile, we're checking
to see if any of our people
can confirm
his presence in Berlin.
Combing undead files,
revisiting old cases.
Thanks.
Need anything else
before I get back to it?
Uh-uh.
Saul?
Excuse me.
I'm just saying,
let the police talk to Marwan.
Let them decide
if his information is relevant.
The same people who imprisoned
him in the first place?
You want to traumatize
him all over again?
He is a cooperating witness
who may know something
about an attack.
We got him to talk by
promising to protect him.
We can't just sell him
down the river
- at the first sign of trouble.
- If Berlin is hit
and we did nothing,
we are culpable.
We have a
responsibility.
What about
our responsibility to Marwan?
Your responsibility?
You're his lawyer.
Aren't you supposed to
look out for his interests?
This has gone beyond
lawyers and interests.
You saw the man
in the video.
You want thousands
to die like that, in agony?
15 years ago,
my country was attacked.
And thousands did die.
Every bit as horrible
as that video.
And we wanted to
get the bastards
who hurt us, so we did.
We started two wars.
Tens of thousands of people
died on both sides.
And for what?
We're still killing them,
they're still coming after us,
and on and on.
Nice speech, Laura.
However, it has nothing
to do with Marwan.
Really?
I was in Kreuzberg
early this morning.
The police are already
rounding up
Muslim men outside the mosques.
Anyone with a skullcap.
I got him out just in time.
You did what?
Where is he?
Here.
In what I presume
is a safe place.
Give me a minute, please.
Please.
Berenson.
Mr. Berenson,
this is Otto During speaking.
Not a good time;
we have a situation.
I'm calling
about that situation.
What is it?
You know my foundation
does outreach work
with the Muslim communities
here in Berlin.
Yes.
In the course of this work,
we have come across
an individual
who may have information
about the attack.
What individual?
Will you give me your word
that he'll be treated fairly?
He's already suffered
at the hands of the authorities.
You mean he's been
arrested before?
Yeah. Wrongly.
What's the information?
First, I need your promise
that he will not be arrested
and that his lawyer can be
present during all questioning.
I'm serious, Mr. Berenson.
You owe me this.
You have my word. Where is he?
In my care.
Bring him in right now. Please.
Yeah.
I will.
_
Hey, don't be
so hard on yourself.
It was worth a try.
He just didn't have enough time
to send a signal.
He told me to leave it alone.
He wanted me
to get out of Berlin.
If only I'd listened.
Carrie...
No, it's true.
Quinn never did anything
he didn't want to.
That's the truth.
He was a complete
pain in the ass that way.
Stubborn as a mule.
But beautiful, too.
Something on
the floor tiles.
They're distinctive
and probably part
of a mosaic of some kind.
Well, that's encouraging.
We thought so, too.
Unfortunately, the artisan
who created the mosaics
was prolific.
More than
1,500 buildings
in Berlin feature his work.
- 1,500?
- I'm afraid so.
We've got less than
12 hours. Shit.
Can you post the addresses
of these buildings
on a map of the city?
Of course. Why?
There's an algorithm
JSOC used in Baghdad
to track down insurgents.
Any hits yet on the FRS
search for Bibi Hamed?
As a matter
of fact, yes.
And not only
facial recognition.
We've got locations
where he's used his credit card
and made ATM withdrawals.
Recently?
Three months back.
Then no activity at all.
These are the confirmed
sightings in the last 120 days.
Now show me
the last 60 days.
Okay, now what?
Overlay the location
of all those buildings.
- See if we can narrow the search grid.
- Right.
If Bibi's who we think he is,
probability is high
that our building's somewhere
within these
seven square kilometers.
That's only 39 addresses.
Let's take
this to Adler,
get him to authorize
search teams.
_
Bibi!
La...
La ilaha illa-llah...
Bibi...
_
Okay, no worries.
Just remember everything
we talked about, and...
I think you're gonna
be fine. They're...
You're really doing this.
I received guarantees.
Think they're
worth anything?
I trust the man
who made them.
Jonas will be with Marwan
through the whole process.
Fuck me.
No! No! No!
What's happening?!
You said I wouldn't
be arrested!
...CIA, Saul Berenson...
Guarantees.
Actually,
it's kind of comforting.
What?
This. You.
Following me around.
I want you to know
I don't believe what
they're saying about you.
None of us do.
Thanks, Con.
That means a lot.
_
Good.
Over half the locations cleared.
Nothing yet.
Shall we?
Carrie. Over here.
Carrie, what are you doing?
If that's Peter, his body
is contaminated with sarin.
It's not him.
Quinn?
Astrid, he just moved.
- That's impossible, Carrie.
- He did.
I saw it!
He's alive.
You got something
to tell me, Qasim?
You were always so
studious, so pious.
I thought your faith
would give you strength,
but I was wrong.
And Zaheer had to
pay for my mistake.
You switched my kit?
Because you are blood
and Zaheer is not.
Bibi, I...
Shut up.
From now on, you don't talk,
you don't think.
You just listen.
Because the next time you do
something without my consent
will be your last.
Sync and corrections by n17t01
www.addic7ed.com
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org